Worker streaming (#747)
It4innovations/hyperqueue: CHANGELOG.md

* It is now possible to dynamically submit new tasks into an existing job (we call this concept "Open jobs").
  See [Open jobs documentation](https://it4innovations.github.io/hyperqueue/stable/jobs/openjobs/)

> * Worker streaming. Instead, streaming to server, worker can now write combined io stream files directly.
>   It creates more files than original solution (that was exactly 1 file), but the number of files stays
>   small and independent on the number of executed tasks. The new architecture also parallel write and
>   storing more job streams into one stream handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Worker streaming. Before, you could stream task stderr/stdout to the server over the network using the `--log` parameter of `hq submit`. This approach had various issues and was not scalable. Therefore, we have replaced this functionality with worker streaming, where the streaming of task output to a set of files on disk is performed by workers instead.
  This new streaming approach creates more files than original solution (where it was always one file per job), but the number of files stays
  small and independent on the number of executed tasks. The new architecture also allows parallel I/O writing and storing of multiple job streams in one stream handle. You can use worker streaming using the `--stream` parameter of `hq submit`. Check out the documentation for more information.
```
